---
title: "Instance Segmentation"
date: 2019-07-30
urls:
  - name: Project Report
    url: "https://docs.google.com/document/d/1-V9S0yqn_9bdFbPx-DHc9QVncCtPlKuqkwuQxeU9xJk/edit"
  - name: Project Code Base
    url: "https://github.com/hrwei2/ninja-dash"
image: /assets/images/ninja_dash.png

---

The development project, Ninja-Dash, is a multiplayer arena fighting game built with Node.js and Phaser.io. The game provides players with a captivating experience, allowing them to log in, engage in gameplay, and interact through a chat system. The game's visual aesthetics consist of 2D graphics, presented from a bird's eye perspective. The main objective is to compete for the highest number of kills while keeping deaths to a minimum. The game incorporates various controls, such as using the WASD keys for movement, spacebar for dashing, and left mouse click for wielding weapons during attacks. The primary task of the development was to create an engaging multiplayer arena fighting game with specific features. The game needed to randomly place players on the map, offering intense competition for kill counts and survival. The implementation required integrating basic controls for character movement and attacking, along with a respawn system for players upon death. The game world was designed with diverse obstacles to influence player movement. Additionally, the project aimed to incorporate a socket.IO-based multiplayer aspect to enable real-time interaction among players. The team also integrated the OpenWeatherMap API to introduce dynamic weather changes, affecting gameplay elements like player movement and vision, creating a more immersive experience. The development team worked collaboratively to design and build the Ninja-Dash game. They utilized Node.js and Phaser.io to construct the game mechanics, incorporating the bird's eye perspective and 2D graphics for a visually appealing gameplay environment. They coded the logic to randomly position players on the map, ensuring a fair and unpredictable competition. The team integrated the controls for character movement, dashing, and weapon attacks, offering players smooth and responsive gameplay. In the event of player death, a robust respawn mechanism was implemented to place players in new locations on the map. Additionally, they designed the game world with diverse obstacles to create strategic challenges for players. The team effectively utilized socket.IO to enable seamless multiplayer interactions, enhancing the social aspect of the game. Lastly, they successfully integrated the OpenWeatherMap API to introduce real-time weather changes, affecting player movement and visibility during gameplay. The outcome of the project was a successful multiplayer arena fighting game, Ninja-Dash. Players could log in and enjoy immersive gameplay, competing with each other for the highest number of kills and surviving challenging obstacles. The game's controls were intuitive and responsive, providing a satisfying gaming experience. The multiplayer aspect allowed real-time interactions between players, fostering a lively and engaging community. The integration of the OpenWeatherMap API introduced dynamic weather changes, adding an extra layer of complexity to the game and enhancing its realism. Ultimately, the game achieved its goal of offering players an exciting and interactive multiplayer arena experience with unique weather dynamics.

Note: Due to Heroku policy updates, the site on which Ninja-dash project is hosted is no longer available.